It's over.
It's over to persuade you
All yellow
What the hell is going on?
Why did we make the depths unhappy?
I offended the Tang family before
Now even the canonization banquet has been cancelled
It's over now
Can't have anything to do with him
Beware of being blamed by the Tang family
Miss Lin Mrs. Lin
I think our cooperation
Gotta look into it again
Miss Lin
I don't think we have much to cooperate with Lin Jia
Let's talk about it later.
You can't do this
How can you do that?
You're in trouble now
I made a note.
Wait for my title, don't come back and beg me
You will never be able to close the number in your life
The Ye Longyuan I'm talking about is you
This is all your fault.
You displease the Lord God yourself
Destroyed the whole education of my family
Until now you are still obsessed
Then there's nothing to say. The Lins are finished
Mangkhut is only temporarily cancelled from canonization
My Lin family is still a wealthy family you can't afford
It's no one's fault not to joke
Why do you think Lin Jianwei is at this height today?
It's all you bring
He's not miserable either
Lin Jia can parasitize wealthy families
It's the result of my years of hard work
You are not qualified to stand tall in front of me
You are still worthless
What qualifications do I have?
You can be as cheap as you are today.
It's all about me being beaten up for nothing